Add CONTRIBUTING.md (#8)
security-summer-school/template-public: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to the TODO-track-name

We welcome contributions to the content and source code of the TODO-track-name.
You may contribute by:

* opening issues: https://github.com/security-summer-school/TODO-track-name/issues
* taking part in discussions: https://github.com/security-summer-school/TODO-track-name/discussions
* creating pull requests to update the content: https://github.com/security-summer-school/TODO-track-name//pulls

> Before you make any contribution, make sure it follows the [community's rules](https://github.com/security-summer-school/meta/blob/master/docs/contributing.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you make any contribution, make sure it follows the [community guide](https://github.com/security-summer-school/meta/blob/master/docs/contributing.md).
```

# Contributing to the TODO-track-name

We welcome contributions to the content and source code of the TODO-track-name.
You may contribute by:

* opening issues: https://github.com/security-summer-school/TODO-track-name/issues
* taking part in discussions: https://github.com/security-summer-school/TODO-track-name/discussions
* creating pull requests to update the content: https://github.com/security-summer-school/TODO-track-name//pulls

> When opening an issue, please clearly state the problem.

Reviewer: I think that the content from here to the end of the file should be part of the future contributing guide in the [`meta` repository](https://github.com/security-summer-school/meta).
